Firearm possession is a controversial topic. In some countries, such as the United Kingdom, there are strict rules:
it is difficult to get even a permit, and even the majority of the police do not carry a firearm.
In the United States, the right to firearms is a fundamental right and a political battlefield.
And then ... then there is Spitsbergen. Welcome to the Polar Circle, 78 degrees north latitude, where
polar bears are a real, and very deadly, danger.
This is obviously not deadly here.
In 2011, a class of young children camped about 40 kilometers from here, and fell victim cases
a bear; one of them was killed and others were seriously injured. In 2015, a camper became here
for the eclipse of the sun set by a bear. To counter this threat, is Spitsbergen
the only place in the world where wearing a firearm is mandatory by law.
There is a village in the south of the US where possession of a firearm is mandatory, but that law was one
political move: you do not have to actually carry it with you and nobody supervises the execution.
Here, however, the Spitsberg regulations require that every group traveling outside the main
settlements, at least one gun with him, and someone who knows how to handle the weapon
use. If you, like me, do not have a permit? Then you can only go outside on a guided tour.
Finding a bear is unlikely, but it is a risk that you do not want to take.
That does not mean, however, that you have to be trigger-happy. If you actually have to use your firearm there is already
something completely gone wrong. The tripwire around the camp has failed in activating
the explosives, the lookout has fallen asleep and you could not chase away the bear by means of a
warning shot. If you actually have to kill a bear you are tall and serious
police investigation, but that is better than the long and serious police investigation
takes place after you have been torn up.
- Subtitling improved by JG